This directory contains a script named `run_lab3.sh` to help you gather the timing data of your `paster2` program.

The `run_lab3.sh` script generates thirty nine .dat files. Each .dat file contains timing data generated by 5 trials of the `paster2` executable for a given (B,P,C,X,N) value.  Assuming you follow the timing data output format as specified in the `run_lab3.sh` file (see `sample_output.txt` for an example output format at stdout from your `paster2`), then the .dat file records down each trial's execution time.

The run_lab3.sh then generates the average time and standard deviation of average time tables from the .dat files.  The two tables generated are

* `tb1_$$.txt`, which contains the average paster2 execution time; and
* `tb2_$$.txt`, which contains the standard deviation of the paster2 execution time.

The `$$` in the file names is the pid of process that runs the script. Run the script on eceubuntu1 once your program is in a good status and then rename the `tb1_$$.txt` file to `lab3_eceubuntu1.csv` for submission purpose.

The script will take about 30-40 minutes to run depending on your implementation. If you find the script hangs, most likely your program hangs under certain situation caused by a race condition.

Other files under this directory are:

* `clean_ipcs.sh` is a script to delete all shared memory regions and semaphores owned yourself
* `paster2` is an executable that produces expected output. The timing data it produces is a fake one for demonstration purpose only.
* `sample_output.txt` is the expected output format that the script expects the paster2 will produce.
* `results` directory contains the output from the script when running the script on the paster2 in this directory.
