This directory contains a script named `run_lab4.sh` to help you gather the timing data of your `findpng2` program when the seed\_url is [http://ece252-1.uwaterloo.ca/lab4](http://ece252-1.uwaterloo.ca/lab4).

The `run_lab4.sh` script generates twenty one .dat files. Each .dat file contains timing data generated by 5 trials of the `findpng2` executable for a given (t, m) value.  Assuming you follow the timing data output format as specified in the `run_lab4.sh` file (see `sample_output.txt` for an example output format at stdout from your `findpng2`), then the .dat file records down each trial's execution time. 

The run_lab4.sh then generates the average time and standard deviation of average time tables from the .dat files.  The two tables generated are

* `tb1_$$.txt`, which contains the average findpng2 execution time; and
* `tb2_$$.txt`, which contains the standard deviation of the findpng2 execution time.

The `$$` in the file names is the pid of process that runs the script. Run the script on eceubuntu1 once your program is in a good status and then rename the `tb1_$$.txt` file to `lab4_eceubuntu1.csv` for submission purpose.

The script will take about 30-40 minutes to run depending on your implementation. If you find the script hangs, most likely your program hangs under certain situation caused by a race condition.

Other files under this directory are:

* `findpng2` is an executable that produces expected output. The timing data it produces is a fake one for demonstration purpose only.
* `sample_output.txt` is the expected output format that the script expects the findpng2 will produce.
* `results` directory contains the output from the script when running the script on the findpng2 in this directory.

